NMS-13562: Move policies to reference section (#3648)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/provisioning/getting-started.adoc

* xref:provisioning/directed-discovery.adoc#directed-discovery[Manually specify nodes to add to a requisition]
* xref:provisioning/auto-discovery.adoc#auto-discovery[Automatically discover nodes to add to a requisition]

> * Customize a requisition with xref:provisioning/detectors/detectors.adoc#ga-detectors[detectors] and xref:configuration/provisioning/policies.adoc#policies[policies]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Customize a requisition with xref:reference:configuration/provisioning/detectors/detectors.adoc[detectors] and xref:reference:configuration/provisioning/policies/introduction.adoc[policies]
```
